- [Woman] Now that we have taken a look at basic APIs
under the Concurrency platforming for Enterprise,
let's start looking at the demos.
How are you going to use these APIs in the use cases?
So the first one is the Managed Executor Service.
To just recollect, the Managed Executor Service extends
the Java standard edition executor service,
and it will help you with methods for submitting tasks
for execution in a Java enterprise environment.
And this managed executor service resource can be gotten
into the code by means of the GNBI lookup
or the resource annotation, or by configuring it
in the deployment descriptor.
Let me make it very clear that in this course
we are going to stick to the GNBI lookup
or the resource annotation injection mechanism
for getting these managed executor objects.
Let's now look at the use case.
The use case that we've opted is
generating reports for users.
So let's say I have a list of bank accounts with me,
and I have transactions against those bank accounts,
so I'm going to generate a report for all the transactions
for bank account. Okay?
Now, in order to do that, we are going to do it in steps.
We first read the bank account information for all users
from the database, and for each bank account
we are going to retrieve the transaction information.
Once we have the transaction information ready,
we will write all of that to a file.
So let's understand how we are going to do this.
So the use cases generate reports for users,
read bank account information for all users from the DB,
get all the transaction information for each bank account,
and save to a file.
So the components, the classes that we are going to create
will look like this.
First is we'll create a data access object class which is
dedicated for doing all database transactions for us.
So whatever information that you're reading,
it could be bank account or transaction,
all methods with respect to that will go
inside the Dao class.
Up next will be the actual task that you want to write,
which is again a Runnable or a Callable implementation,
and the job of this Runnable or Callable
will be to generate that transaction report.
So it has to get the transaction information
for each bank account, and then go ahead
and save that to a file.
Next, we will of course have the REST for bean,
and there we are going to get the managed executor service
object from the container environment by GNDI
or resource annotation, and we are going to submit
one task per bank account. Okay?
And since we have these many bank accounts present,
in a live application, of course, you will have
so many bank accounts that you can't have
in a banking website, so we are not going to use
multiple database connections.
This time, we are also going to do connection pooling.
I have opted to do connection pooling via an
external library C3PO.
There are tons of libraries out there
and you're free to choose any one of them.
In case you with, you can also drop this off
because for demonstration purpose,
you wouldn't need connection pooling.
But I just wanted to click this in so that,
you know, you understand that for real life use case,
how does this entire thing work like.
So connection pooling is important.
So we're going to do this connection pooling
via the C3PO library.
Do not worry too much about the code;
I'll explain everything to you when we write it down.
So this is the overview of the demo
that we are going to execute.
This is going to be a very long demo,
so we'll have to keep patience.